speed to lead quick story my fiance got
in touch with
three companies to help with her hair
and makeup for a wedding coming up in
september
one company took an hour to respond
another company took three days to
respond
and the other company took a whole week
to respond so which one do you reckon
she went with yep
the company that took one hour the
actual whole deal got done
within the day so by closer player
they'd agreed how many people needed
help with hair and makeup so
bridesmaids what was going to be
involved where they needed to travel to
how she wanted it sorted out they'd
agreed how it would work
the cost and the time frame to deliver
all by that close of play
so the other two companies purely missed
out because it took so long to respond
to the inquiry
a lot of us as business owners or
marketers or sales professionals are
working hard
either doing inbound marketing so things
like seo or paid ads
or creating content to drive people to
our website
to then get in touch with us all we're
doing outbound marketing so
calls emails etc to generate those
conversations so
when someone comes inbound it's so
important that we respond fast
there's so many stats to show that
improves your conversion rate so you're
much more likely to win the business
if you respond quick it's just
professional to cut
courtesy and shows you're keen to help
the person with their
problem with what they need fixing so
tell me what's what's your typical
speed to lead